Vision and Scope
For
Mobile POS System
Prepared by 
5410545044 	Waranyu Rerkdee 
5410546181	 Pankamol Srikaew
5410546334 	Wasin Hawaree
5410546393	Akkarawit Piyawin
5410546431	Arnan Maipraidt
			Kasetsart Universit
		
		

Revision History		

Name	Date	Reason For Changes	Version
CO-OP Team	09/09/13	 initial draft	1.0.1
CO-OP Team	10/09/13	Complete everything. 	1.0.2

1. Background, Requirements, and Opportunity
Mobile POS is very important for now .This software can be help user by check the stock and price of product when the owner meet some costumer outside the store .

1.1 Background
Many businesses have a problem with stock of product and problem with recording the payment history that owner have to record in paper. Many businesses almost use computer but there also have a problem with database.
1.2 Opportunity
In many business there always change to find customer that want to by our product so we create this software to help easily for sell product . And this software also help you to check stock outside the office .
1.3 Business Objectives and Success Criteria
This software can calculate the price faster than use human calculate . This software can check the stock so there isn't lost product . This software can see the overall for a big picture of the businesses so you know what is you strongest point what is you weakness point.

1.4 Customer or Market Needs
1 : Free software download.
2 : easily to learn how to use mobile POS application.
3 : Comfortable and Strong Security.
4 : Support Thai and English language.

1.5 Risks
RI-1 : When use mobile POS a long time maybe mobile will have low battery.
RI-2 : Hard to use when use it first time.
RI-3 : Seller maybe want to use old POS.
RI-4 : If screen of mobile POS to small, it will hard to see cost. 
 


2. Vision of the Solution

Mobile POS  is the software that use for connect to stock of product. But before that user have to login first and then user will allow to the databases . The language base on basic languages.
2.1 Vision Statement
The system give the difference context depend on user .  The UI is simple . The language doesn't use technical term. The mobile POS includes inventory system and sell system. 
2.2 Major Features
FE-1   : The system can be used by everyone that login to the system.
FE-2   : The history of business will keep on system.
FE-3   : The user can change detail of each product.
FE-4   : The user can check the remaining product.
FE-5   : Can use program everywhere that have connection.
FE-6   : Interface always update.
FE-7   : Security system (login system).
FE-8   : Calculate total cost of product .
FE-9   : Customer can pay by credit card.
FE-10 : Support Thai and English languages.
FE-11 : Receipt for customer of each sale. 


2.3 Assumptions and Dependencies
This software is base on basic English, user can use smart phone or laptop.
This software need internet connection. This software need to store database somewhere.

3. Scope and Limitations
3.1 Limitations and Exclusions
The mobile POS system will be used only for device that have an internet connection, and only for user that have the program account
4. Business Context
Mobile POS is the system that uses to help for check stock of product and do some business outside store. The content of database will show differently depends on the user that login to the system,Owner may allow to check everything, Seller may allow to check the stock of product and sell system.


4.1 Operating Environment
	User connects to the system by using internet with mobile. The difference user will get difference content. The security of this program is user need to log in before connect to database.
5. References
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Point_of_sale

